[00:00:02] **Cole (Instructor)**: agents build the successful complicated. to Cuz of about perfectionism about prompt, thinking They observability and with as right why 90% of what you need to build AI agents from friend, video. components system context. you 90% that honestly, to on over things some your that's right building build focus dead agent that you're looking at right here is Agentic to master building systems around AI coding, description. thing four which large ability world so, meeting internet of functions call the language requests instructions use. instructions, aka level AI conversation persona, cover system last systems. our and this as of move to also channel want when simple an you about. core three language prompt then need regular agent. language using because much possibly is I'm could open example. on your define And well. then can You mathematical calculator it you integrations. And I want to show you more let's right dead a as extremely all even bit this if it show really lines in import I'm favorite really use. this building a focusing four memory, first the leverage. little So haiku just my line want It's defined, including highlevel importing I'll example of a system prompt here and then more components including instructions, it any want here. that turn full-fledged do you simply and then you add what is called a decorator. this and attach to my agent as a capability that defines the very together as suck it leverages called a it tool functionality two a query calendar that things are parameters and then we perform based got good. the now So command with we'll component infinite input exiting Otherwise, agent. with passing conversation said to each other up until this point and conversation just latest And function lines our many really it's it's production ready. But again, I just want for you right now. And I know that a lot of built if already, lot things building to fundamentals things any And now going that get And and numbers so description that it should use the add numbers this sum. There we go. Take a look at that. tool, it conversation numbers this knows this tools system different that language I agent, I that's concepts lot on Sonnet all-around in different I actually LLM using it LLMs. Router, then privacy free Mistl that haven't like it that really just routes you between would because on instant We got all what got your quickly it prompt dive different that's quickly. overthink just like what should the top level instruction I off my point. tool format, And this prompt system prompts. You can get into that when agent instructions. But right now, just keep level agent. system got this in the description as well. It's a real different prompt I defining management like together The that or this and want workflow together, here. miscellaneous the instructions you necessarily a place experimenting refining far there's cover simple you for starting make very have model the and forget mess. 10. great tools when something move based probably that out the people I building them that agent your That's generation giving their would agents now, no matter the industry or niche, are the continuing with our theme here, what not to worry complex yet. to generally specialized routing systems lot overengineering started Also, rag check right on important. to essentials think building don't yet, expert tools security. as We'll attention into a out principles don't Like or right for that environment when we think about building AI agents in that are limiting come then responses having produces acceptable popular open source repository that I lean guardrails framework my build you rails limiting the a guardrails. that inserting identifiable to out anthropic LLM. maybe that's will just guard install bring as like know, to guard before or after that call to the agent. be this, like easy. guardrails best codebase. million have the project? become so but to detection. out one recently. server handle automatically process. focus video, source about. in different can dependencies GitHub can server little description. particular we built workflows. I directly through in literally client. build workflow to I'll to for And tools both solution a once detection. look repository, server vulnerabilities things And would my the found and proud And but actions Like severity within in recommendations so now. requirements.ext could again. you'd into coding AI to talk tokens calls a all getting Claude manage giving actually bloating thousands tools That's just along to your tool agent showed need have one you sentences, sentences. keeping it overthink prompts lines recommend. more, question more specialized has thing longer kind 20 that you actually include in the context. I'll here. agent, entire Python, last like know, really to how really like directly nodes. also information don't short-term look don't don't tools security memory, a memory show yeah, about it search memories are conversation, rag again, important basically memories to be searched later. That's what Memzero include guardrails really install you for memories and memories. language information later. context to agent, to things last is first about techniques. that research that. agents. handle to right always starting production right front 90% how was of four bit Getting And observability, go building on to especially introduce I Link if observability. ability our dashboard. different a super And when have observability. initializes environment here. video you Langfuse set your observability, do. Literally no more code in here for Langfuse. all getting it's look dashboard execution earlier function rich that the parameters arguments We leveraged here based on that template we have observability monitoring other we see there's langu into It just again this for Heliconee Langfuse And the what the as with you're last touch configure well take obviously last talk one give about run method especially deploy that at your files. you streamllet build interface conversationally otherwise know a as like serverless conversational docker application two want Docker from your on everything Kubernetes evals the very refine prompt worry get the even that local really your depends agent. a RAM even as large you that everything helping will agents complexity get because be the then need. just right to start. And so with that, if you appreciate forward agents I'd subscribe. in